Attempt to clarify which sections/flows are mandatory (#278)
openid/OpenID4VC-HAIP: openid4vc-high-assurance-interoperability-profile-1_0.md

# OpenID for Verifiable Presentations

> The following requirements apply to OpenID4VP, irrespective of the flow and Credential Format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following requirements apply to OpenID for Verifiable Presentations, irrespective of the flow and Credential Format:
```

## OpenID for Verifiable Presentations via Redirects {#oid4vp-redirects}

The following requirements apply to OpenID4VP via redirects:

* As a way to invoke the Wallet, the custom URL scheme `haip-vp://` MAY be supported by the Wallet and the Verifier. Implementations MAY support other ways to invoke the Wallets as agreed upon by trust frameworks/ecosystems/jurisdictions, including but not limited to using other custom URL schemes or claimed "https" scheme URIs.
* Signed Authorization Requests MUST be used by utilizing JWT-Secured Authorization Request (JAR) [@!RFC9101] with the `request_uri` parameter.
* Response encryption MUST be used by utilizing response mode `direct_post.jwt`, as defined in Section 8.3 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP]. Security Considerations in Section 14.3 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST be applied.

## OpenID for Verifiable Presentations via W3C Digital Credentials API {#oid4vp-dc-api}

> The following requirements apply to OpenID4VP via the W3C Digital Credentials API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following requirements apply to OpenID for Verifiable Presentations via the W3C Digital Credentials API:
```
